# C++ API client

Official client library for the Pescheck API (v2), generated from the OpenAPI specification. Authenticate with OAuth2 client credentials and use the checks, profiles, screenings, webhooks and divisions endpoints. See https://github.com/pescheckit/pescheck-clients for installation and usage.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project. By using the [OpenAPI spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 2.0.0
- Package version: 0.0.3
- Generator version: 7.23.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.CppRestSdkClientCodegen

- API namespace: org.openapitools.client.api
- Model namespace: org.openapitools.client.model

## Installation

### Prerequisites

Install [cpprestsdk](https://github.com/Microsoft/cpprestsdk).

- Windows: `vcpkg install cpprestsdk cpprestsdk:x64-windows boost-uuid boost-uuid:x64-windows`
- Mac: `brew install cpprestsdk`
- Linux: `sudo apt-get install libcpprest-dev`

### Build

```sh
cmake -DCPPREST_ROOT=/usr -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-I/usr/local/opt/openssl/include" -DCMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS="-L/usr/local/opt/openssl/lib"
make
```

### Build on Windows with Visual Studio (VS2017)

- Right click on folder containing source code
- Select 'Open in visual studio'
- Once visual studio opens, CMake should show up in top menu bar.
- Select CMake > Build All.

*Note: If the CMake menu item doesn't show up in Visual Studio, CMake
for Visual Studio must be installed. In this case, open the 'Visual Studio
Installer' application. Select 'modify' Visual Studio 2017. Make sure
'Desktop Development with C++' is installed, and specifically that 'Visual
C++ tools for CMake' is selected in the 'Installation Details' section.

Also be sure to review the CMakeLists.txt file. Edits are likely required.*

## Author



